oh is that our wheel clamping Department
oh hello I'm the doctor I need to be
released yes I'm it's not permissible is
it to remove the clamp yourself is it
what that is unlawful because I I did
this with my sonic screwdriver that was
another time yes I I did that in the
future well it depends which way you
look at it really so when can you get
this clamp released from my vehicle okay
how soon do you think how do you think
the people will get to me I'm quite a
long distance away
it's Gallifrey point zero 77033
electric zero centre Gallifrey have you
heard of that that's what I am I mean
you could call it a car it's son I like
to call it a vehicle Billy they did a
very ingenious job clamping its goodness
gracious to go for anything don't they
have your people ever released a wheel
clamp from a TARDIS before - they used
to remove the clamp the details its are
it's of paramount importance yes too
many variables too crude if they use
that method the eye of Harmony will be
closed and the universe will be pulled
inside out could they use a sonic
screwdriver Oh have you regenerated a
moment ago you have quite a different
voice some of your engineers will come
to my TARDIS and release the clamp will
they do sound edited a lovely
what's-her-name Lisa maybe you'd like to
travel through time and space with me